openthread: remove support for NCP and related tools (#7029)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thread_commissioning.rst

Requirements
============

> To configure on-mesh Thread commissioning, you need at least two development kits that are compatible with either the CLI or the Coprocessor samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure on-mesh Thread commissioning, you need at least two development kits that are compatible with either the CLI or the Co-processor samples.
```

Disabling the Thread network
============================

> The |NCS|'s Thread CLI and Coprocessor samples come with the autostart feature, which means that the devices will form the network automatically without user intervention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The |NCS|'s Thread CLI and Co-processor samples come with the autostart feature, which means that the devices will form the network automatically without user intervention.
```
